add baseline.css to normalize browser defaults (#6805) (#6806)
jpmorganchase/salt-ds: site/docs/getting-started/developing.mdx

Salt injects component styles at runtime by default, so you don’t need to import component CSS for the setup above. If you need static component CSS or your application uses a Content Security Policy that requires a nonce for injected styles, see [Style injection](./style-injection).

#### (Optional) Apply the CSS baseline reset

> Salt's text styles control typography, but browsers also add margins to semantic elements such as headings and paragraphs. Those margins remain when Markdown content is rendered with `Text` using the semantic `as` prop; changing its visual style with `styleAs` does not change the element's spacing. This mixes browser-defined spacing with Salt's spacing system.

Reviewer: I would suggest dropping the Markdown promise, it's not fixing it.

Markdown headings and paragraphs already have their margins set explicitly — our own MDX layer does that with tokens. They win over p { margin: 0 } on specificity, so the reset is a no-op for them. What Markdown does leak is ul, ol and blockquote.

```suggestion
alt's text styles control typography, but browsers also add margins to semantic elements such as headings and paragraphs. Those margins remain when Text is rendered with the semantic as prop; changing its visual style with styleAs does not change the element's spacing. This mixes browser-defined spacing with Salt's spacing system.
```

To remove that browser spacing, `@salt-ds/theme` ships an opt-in baseline reset. Import it once at the root of your app, before the theme CSS:

```tsx
import "@salt-ds/theme/css/baseline.css";
import "@salt-ds/theme/css/global.css";
import "@salt-ds/theme/css/theme-next.css";
```

> 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
On the Legacy theme, import it before @salt-ds/theme/index.css instead.

```
